# 翻译

The aesthetics of coupling are situated in the area of embodied interaction with digital products and systems, more specifically in its aesthetics. According to the framework we establish, the interaction with these products and systems contains events of two kinds. The first kind of events “feel physical”. An example of such an event is the interaction with a physical push button. When the button is pushed in, one feels its movement and resistance. The second kind of events “feel digital”. As an example, we refer to the alternating appearance of different images on a display. When the pushing of the button causes the alternation of the images, both events are considered coupled. In this paper we advocate that, from this coupling, a specific form of beauty can emerge, which “feels physical as well as digital”. It is this intrinsically dual nature that makes the aesthetics of coupling unique. It is also this dual nature that situates the aesthetics of coupling in the very core of embodied interaction itself, which centers on the balance between the physical and the digital. The aesthetics of coupling can only be established when this balance is closely monitored and exploited in the design process of the product or system. 





The application scope of the aesthetics of coupling includes all interactive products and systems. With coupling, we don’t refer to the definition that Ishii and Ullmer give, namely the coupling between digital information and physical objects. Our definition of coupling starts from the Interaction Frogger framework, and extends it. Wensveen et al. establish coupling as the connection between a user’s action and a product’s function. In this framework, coupling contains six aspects: time, location, direction, dynamics, modality and expression. According to Wensveen et al., when action and reaction are unified on each of these six aspects, the emerging interaction feels natural and intuitive. In our discourse, coupling is not limited to the connection between a user’s action and a product’s reaction. We consider coupling more generic as a connection between events in a user-product interaction routine. Whether these events are caused by the user or the product, is not important. 

As to what aesthetics of interaction are and what they are not, a lot has been written and discussed. For an exhaustive overview of different perspectives on aesthetics of interaction, we refer to Carroll, Hummels and Overbeeke, and Lenz et al.. In this introduction, we want to provide the reader with a simple, grounded definition that fits the context of this paper. Traditional industrial design focuses on products, their form and their function. It depends upon the “modelling of dimensions in space”. Traditional design aesthetics then concerns basic aesthetic principles of static form, or aesthetics of appearance: 2D and 3D form and composition, color, visual balance and coherence, visual and tactile properties of materials and textures etc.. Interaction design focuses on the interaction of humans with digital products and systems. This interaction supposes physical movements and as such happens in time. Interaction design aesthetics, or aesthetics of interaction, then offers designers aesthetic principles that play out over time. These principles are related to bodily actions, physical and virtual movements and physical form changes. We position the aesthetics of coupling as one such principle.